---

---
# V1.1.0
Status: Pending Epic review

## Improvements
- Preview actor now destroys its own collider actor when itself is destroyed.
- Refreshing the preview actor is now faster.
- General code cleanup and unused variables have been removed.
- Items can now be labelled as "new". This label can be removed at any point. This can help players find out what is new in their inventory and they haven't interacted with yet.
- Items that do not have their containers added to the ContainerSettings array will now retrieve their default containers from the data asset and add those to the component when it is started.
- A [tag system](https://inventoryframework.github.io/workinginthesystem/tagsystem/) has been added, allowing you to add tags to items and containers, and also associated values to certain tags.

## Tools
- New tool as been added, the [ItemEditor](https://inventoryframework.github.io/tools/itemeditor/).
- Added function library for editor tools.
- Common data base widget added so it is easy and fast to add your item data base to any editor tool.
- It is now possible to generate item icons while in the editor.
- Improved multiple widgets behavior and accessability while in the editor.
- Added a tool for previewing how an item widget will appear in-game while in the editor.

## Bug fixes
- Refreshing the preview actor no longer breaks on shipping build for some actors.
- Preview actor no longer 1-frame snaps or resets visual effects when refreshed. It now resolves what components have and have not been duplicated and only updates those.
- Fixed an issue where item rarity colors were not working while in the editor.