---
order: 13
---
# 2.10.1

Engine support: 5.4

> The documentation has a new category - `Systems` - Some documentation has been moved and some has been added to this category.

---
## Item Query
- Added a new multithreaded `ItemQuery` system, documentation can be found <a href="https://inventoryframework.github.io/systems/itemquery/" target="_blank">**here**</a>

---
## Inventory
- Added native container UI navigation support, for example using a controller to navigate around a container. Documentation can be found <a href="https://inventoryframework.github.io/systems/uinavigation/" target="_blank">**here**</a>
- Item widgets can now have a custom drag and drop system to help with gamepad navigation. `Drag and Drop` documentation has been updated.
- Inventory component now has a reference to the drag widget to help evaluate whether the player is currently dragging an item and retrieving that item.
- Many <span style="color:brown">**GetParentCompoent**</span> functions have been renamed to <span style="color:brown">**GetInventory**</span>

---
## GAS
- Native `GAS` integration has been added through a new module. Documentation can be found <a href="https://inventoryframework.github.io/systems/AbilitySystem/" target="_blank">**here**</a>

---
## Drivers
- Drivers now have a payload parameter to pass custom data from clients to server.
- Added a new "item ability" driver. Documentation can be found <a href="https://inventoryframework.github.io/systems/AbilitySystem/#item-ability-driver" target="_blank">**here**</a>

---
## Crafting
- Added native support for "timed crafts". Documentation has been updated.

---
## Bug fixes:
- The Item actor would be destroyed if the player moves an item from its own inventory if the item was in container 0 and was item index 0
- The ItemDropped event was not being called.
- ApplyTileOffset could go 1 tile out of bounds.
- Item icons were not updating when unequipping items inside of them.
- Splitting an item as a client on a different component would lead to the original items count not updating.
- Reverted a bug fix from 2.9 where the equipment manager was not removing tags when unequipping an item to fix an issue where the items visuals were not being removed when an item was unequipped by moving the item to another inventory component, such as a chest
- Item icons could stretch or shrink in some cases.
- TryAddNewItem could cause a crash in some cases.
- GetItemsVisual was not working for blueprint equipment on clients

---
## 2.10.1 Bug fixes:
- Items would not craft if they were missing the `TimeToCraft` recipe data.
- Debugging code was being used in `LootItem` resulting in it not working as expected.
- Unequipping a static mesh equipment would also unequip the parent actor it was attached to.