---
order: 14
---
# 2.11

Engine support: 5.4

!!! Warning
Lots of classes have been renamed, moved and/or deprecated. I HIGHLY recommend backing up your project or setting up your source control first just in case.

Some items may have some objects in the `ObjectsAndDrivers` array (now called `TraitsAndComponents`) be reset to null due to classes being renamed.

Any container that was assigned as `List` will most likely break as the enum has been renamed to `Traditional`
!!!

This version also comes with a new example project and this version will not be tested with the old. Documentation can be found <a href="https://inventoryframework.github.io/introduction/firststeps/exampleproject/" target="_blank">**here**</a>

## Renames
- Item Objects -> ItemTrait, new prefix is IT and classes have been moved into their own `Traits` folder.
- Item Drivers -> ItemComponent, new prefix is IC
- Item Struct Object -> ItemInstance, new prefix is II
- The container style `List` is now `Traditional`.

Documentation will reflect these renames once 2.11 is officially published on the marketplace.

## Traits and Components
- The blueprint parents (<span style="color:violet">**BP_O_ItemObject**</span>/<span style="color:violet">**BP_AC_ItemDriver**</span>) are getting removed in the next update. Please reparent your classes to `ItemTrait`/`ItemComponent`. I can not label them as "Deprecated" because it would also label all children as deprecated. You can use the reference viewer to help find all classes referencing them.
- The `IT_ContextMenu` trait has been deprecated.
- Components are now soft referenced.

## Item Asset
- <span style="color:violet">**ItemInstance**</span> is now soft referenced and no longer instance editable. It made no sense to have it be instance editable as you should just use the class defaults
- Removed the <span style="color:slateblue">**EItemType**</span> enum

## Inventory Component
- When selecting an asset inside your container settings items array, the dropdown will now automatically filter all item assets that fit your <span style="color:brown">**CheckCompatibility**</span> function. Read the <span style="color:slateblue">**ItemAsset**</span> code comment for more information.
- When selecting an item instance, it will now prevent mixing `ItemInstance` classes and prevent "wild" `ItemInstance`'s. More information can be read about in the `DA_CoreItem` documentation
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetItemsByTagQuery**</span> and <span style="color:brown">**GetContainersByTagQuery**</span>

Both of these settings can be disabled through the IFP project settings.

## Widgets
- Containers can now pass a custom padding to tiles and item widgets.

## Reworks
- <span style="color:violet">**BP_Interactable**</span> is now deprecated and all logic has been moved to <span style="color:violet">**BP_AC_Interactable**</span>, allowing any actor to be interactable without worrying about hierarchy. You will now want to reparent your interactables to either your own parent or `AActor` and add the <span style="color:violet">**BP_AC_Interactable**</span> actor component.
- The <span style="color:brown">**UpdatePreview**</span> is now called on the owner, as usual, but is now also called on the inventory widget if the owner has an inventory component.

## Bug fixes
- Items would keep their equipped tag when moved out of an equipment container.
- Splitting an item via <span style="color:brown">**MoveItem**</span> could break if the destination split was into another container.
- The texture for the SocketButton texture and ItemEditor collapse button was in the example project and not the plugin.
- Cursor would snap if the user would close an attachment with, then release the mouse while hovering over the player preview.
- ItemAbilityTrait did not allow for multiple copies.
- Some combinations of container settings and item widget could result in the item icon stretching.
- When trading with a vendor, the currency would be given to the player first, then the item would be moved to the vendors inventory. This would lead to currency not going into the tiles that the item used to occupy, which could lead to the player not receiving the currency if their inventory was full, but would have space after the trade.
- <span style="color:brown">**TryApplyCooldown**</span> was not calling <span style="color:brown">**CheckCooldown**</span> correctly.

---
## Color Sheet:
<span style="color:brown">**functions**</span> - <span style="color:slateblue">**variable**</span> - <span style="color:green">**category**</span> - <span style="color:violet">**class**</span>