---
order: 7
---
# 2.4.0

Engine support: 5.3

---

## Example Project
- The UI styling has been reworked.
- Added example for tracking tag values on equipped items, such as an armor stat.

## Widgets
- Custom shaped items can now have padding and rounded corners. An object has been added that stores all the information for each item to save on performance.
- Container widgets can now override their tiles default brush settings.
- Added a <span style="color:brown">**GenerateItemIcon**</span> macro (Only available to widgets)


## Crafting
A crafting system has been added. It is important to note that the crafting system has been designed to be 100% removable and the inventory system has zero reliance on it. If you do not want a crafting system and want to reduce the size of your packaged game and/or don't want to deal with the bloat, the system has been contained within a separate folder.

If you are updating your project and want to use the crafting system, you will want to go into your project settings -> Asset Manager and add a new index and set "Primary Asset Type" to "CraftingRecipes", set the asset base class to <span style="color:violet">**DA_CoreCraftingRecipe**</span>, then go into Directories and add all locations where you might store your recipe's.

<a href="https://inventoryframework.github.io/crafting/" target="_blank">**Documentation for the crafting system**</a>


- Added crafting category to the content browser context menu

## Bugs
- An item actor would not destroy itself if it had to stack with another item when looted through the quick loot options.
- <span style="color:brown">**TryAddNewItem**</span> would not apply the correct rotation in some scenarios.
- The ItemAdded delegate would not have the most up to date version of the item struct.
- When dropping an item, you could get spammed with "UObject is data-only. No item driver available."
- <span style="color:brown">**GetItemDriver**</span> was using the wrong object class for its object paramater.
- the <span style="color:brown">**SellItem**</span> function helper was not setup correctly, leading to clients not being able to use it.
- Added a temporary solution to icon generation crashing the engine. If you are still crashing, you'll want to increase the delay inside <span style="color:violet">**WBP_InspectDebug**</span>