---
order: 8
---
# 2.5.1

Engine support: 5.3

---

## Inventory
- Sorting has been slightly reworked and is much more reliable. The Async function is no longer deprecated.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetItemRef**</span> macro for blueprints.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetItemsTags**</span> and <span style="color:brown">**GetItemsTagValues**</span> helper functions.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**IsItemEquipped**</span> helper function.
- The deprecated inventory component has been removed from <span style="color:violet">**BP_ItemActor**</span>.
- <span style="color:brown">**MeetsCurrencyCheck**</span> now passes the buyer component, so designers can use external systems to use as currencies.

## Widgets
- Added the option to disable dragging on item widgets.
- Improved how container widget variable is set.

## Equipment
- When an item is equipped, two interface events will be called on either the player or the spawned blueprint, depending on the settings. The equipment documentation page has been updated to include a new "Events" section.

## Bugs
- Item widget would spam errors if a craft widget had to generate an item icon.
- Dragging an item widget with no hosting container widget could crash the engine.
- <span style="color:brown">**CheckCompatibility**</span> was not checking asset tags and tag values.
- Data base search was not checking asset tags and tag values.
- Looting a stackable item as a client could cause a crash.
- The Preview Actor was not resetting master pose reference on skeletal meshes.
- <span style="color:brown">**GetNearbyItemsDirectional**</span> was wrapping to the next line if the scan went to the border of a container.
- <span style="color:brown">**GetFirstAvailableTile**</span> could return invalid rotation enum
- Context menu was showing the Drop and Destroy option on items they did not have authority over.
- Listen Server could no longer interact with chests.
- ItemUnequipped delegate was firing off after the item had been removed from the inventory, leading to some functions not being usable after the delegate.
- Moving items around in some orders could cause the incorrect item data to be removed.

---
## Color Sheet:
<span style="color:brown">**functions**</span> - <span style="color:slateblue">**Variable**</span> - <span style="color:green">**category**</span> - <span style="color:violet">**class**</span>