---
order: 9
---
# 2.6.0

Engine support: 5.3

This update focuses on code quality, deprecating unused properties and general performance.

---

## Inventory
- Data-Only container style has been added. This container style is highly optimized by not handling collision, dimensions, capacity or anything of the sort. Allowing you to handle the styling of containers purely through widgets, or create a optimized space for hosting item data that the player shouldn't see, such as a hidden wallet.
    - Example widget has been added (<span style="color:violet">**WBP_DemoDataContainer**</span> and <span style="color:violet">**WBP_DemoTileDataContainer**</span>)
- Added more helper functions:
	- <span style="color:brown">**IsSpacialContainer**</span>
	- <span style="color:brown">**IsSpacialStyle**</span>
	- <span style="color:brown">**DoesContainerSupportTileMap**</span>
- FS_InventoryItem -> <span style="color:slateblue">**Item**</span> has been renamed to FS_InventoryItem -> <span style="color:slateblue">**ItemAsset**</span>
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetLocalInventoryComponent**</span> function to help those who want the inventory component to live on something other than the player pawn.
- <span style="color:slateblue">**GeneratedItemIcons**</span> has been moved to the C++ component.
- <span style="color:slateblue">**OldItemData**</span> has been removed from ItemEquipped delegate.
- Added "Type" option for sorting items.
- Containers <span style="color:brown">**TileTags**</span> can now be modified during runtime and replicate. <a href="https://inventoryframework.github.io/workinginthesystem/tiletags/" target="_blank">**Documentation**</a> added.

## Widgets
- <span style="color:violet">**W_Tile**</span> -> <span style="color:slateblue">**ParentTile**</span> has been removed.
- <span style="color:violet">**W_Tile**</span> -> <span style="color:slateblue">**OwningItem**</span> has been removed.
    - These two were forcing very heavy math and ForLoops, just to cache tiles that seemingly no one was using. As the codebase has improved, there are better ways of retrieving these values without caching them.
- Deprecated <span style="color:violet">**W_Container**</span> -> <span style="color:slateblue">**Items**</span>
    - Added <span style="color:violet">**GetAllItemWidgets**</span> to replace deprecated variable.

## Crafting
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetRecipesRequiringItem**</span> async function.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetRecipesForItem**</span> async function.

## Bugs
- <span style="color:slateblue">**UniqueID**</span> was not being assigned in some scenarios in <span style="color:brown">**MoveItem**</span>.
- <span style="color:slateblue">**InteractingWith**</span> was visible in the details panel for the inventory component.
- The item count while inside the <span style="color:violet">**InventoryHelper**</span> would not display correctly when both values were set to the same amount.
- the cpp file for <span style="color:violet">**A_ItemActor**</span> was not named correctly.
- The InventoryHelper would treat the highlight in list containers as if it was a grid container, making moving items around difficult.
- Items moved from a equipment container to a grid container would not have collision.

---
## Color Sheet:
<span style="color:brown">**functions**</span> - <span style="color:slateblue">**variable**</span> - <span style="color:green">**category**</span> - <span style="color:violet">**class**</span>