---
order: 10
---
# 2.7.0

Engine support: 5.3 and 5.4

This update might cause a few compile errors for those updating, the interaction interface has been split into two and some functions have been removed. Greatly simplifying the process of implementing a custom interaction system.
On top of that, the tile and item widgets have been updated, drastically improving their performance.

---

## Inventory
- <span style="color:brown">**GetFirstAvailableTile**</span> is now on average 6-12 times faster in large containers. This has significantly sped up item sorting and <span style="color:brown">**StartComponent**</span> in scenarios where containers have random tiles assigned to items, so for save files or items with assigned tiles, this won't have an impact.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**TryAddNewItemByDataAsset**</span> function.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**CheckForSpaceForShape**</span> function.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetOwningItemForContainer**</span> function.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**DoesContainerBelongToComponentOwner**</span> function.

## Widgets
- <span style="color:violet">**W_Tile**</span> -> <span style="color:slateblue">**ParentContainer**</span> is now exposed on spawn.
<span style="color:violet">**WBP_InventoryItem**</span>  -> <span style="color:brown">**GetSize**</span> and <span style="color:brown">**GetDimensions**</span> have been deprecated.

A lot of performance improvements have been made:
- <span style="color:violet">**WBP_DemoInventoryItem**</span> has been optimized. If no custom shape object is found, it'll just spawn one background tile and stretch it across the items size.
- Drawing the custom shape for custom shaped grid items is now twice as fast.
- The demo tile construction time has been reduced from 0.034ms on average to 0.013ms on average, drastically reducing the hitch from opening a very large container.
- Several improvements to a handful of functions and widget hierarchies have been improved and drastically reduced the spike when opening the inventory for the first time.
- The `SizeBox` requirement has been removed from <span style="color:violet">**W_Tile**</span>. Documentation has been updated.
    - Demo widgets have been updated to no longer use a `SizeBox`.

## Interfaces
- <span style="color:violet">**BPI_Interaction**</span> has been split in two and some functions removed. Added new interface <span style="color:violet">**BPI_IFP_Helpers**</span> to simplify custom interaction system implementations. Documentation updated.
- <span style="color:violet">**BPI_Interaction**</span> has been moved into the demo folder to help make it clear that it is an example interaction system.

## Bugs
- Highlight widget was broken on Infinite grids
- <span style="color:violet">**W_Tile**</span> was causing crashes in some scenarios
- Moving an item as a client would cause the item widget variable to go null
- Infinite grids wouldn't resize in some scenarios.
- <span style="color:brown">**CanSwapLocations**</span> could cause a crash for clients and would give false positives in some scenarios.
- <span style="color:brown">**IsTileValid**</span> would report false positives in some scenarios for infinite containers.

## 2.7.1 bug fixes (5.4 only)
All of these fixes are very small and can easily be manually implemented. Reference the `bug-fixes` channel on the discord posts between 27th March - 15th April
- <span style="color:brown">**GetItemDriver**</span> was not returning the correct driver.
- <span style="color:brown">**TryAddNewItem**</span> Could fail in some scenarios.
- The item data in the quick loot window could become stale in some scenarios, causing the <span style="color:brown">**MoveItem**</span> to fail.
- Item icons could squish when re-opening the inventory.
- When revealing hidden equipment, the equipment events were being called with the wrong data.
- Splitting an item would cause the original item widget to behave as if it was item 0 in its container.
- <span style="color:slateblue">**DataObject**</span> for drivers was not replicated.

---
## Color Sheet:
<span style="color:brown">**functions**</span> - <span style="color:slateblue">**variable**</span> - <span style="color:green">**category**</span> - <span style="color:violet">**class**</span>