---
order: 11
---
# 2.8.1

Engine support: 5.4

The "Need for Speed" edition

This is one of the biggest updates since 2.0 and was on the border of becoming version 3.0. This update changes a good chunk of behaviour under the hood and brings lots of optimizations. `IFP` is already extremely fast and is probably the fastest and most feature-rich inventory system on the marketplace, but that doesn't mean there isn't room for improvements.

Highlights:
- Added <span style="color:violet">**ItemStructObject**</span>'s, which are a brand new way of handling gameplay logic for items. This is one of the biggest and most exciting features added to `IFP` since release.
- Improved editor workflow.
- Several performance improvements.
- Updated documentation.

---

## Items
- Added <span style="color:violet">**ItemStructObject**</span>'s, which are a brand new way of handling gameplay logic for items. [Documentation](https://inventoryframework.github.io/classes-and-settings/da_coreitem/) has been added
- You can now drag the item data asset into the viewport to place the item actor. This is also possible by clicking and dragging the asset icon in the `ItemEditor` tool.
- The `VerifyData` button has been removed. The logic has been moved into the `IsDataValid` function, which is ran whenever an asset is saved.
- Added buttons for opening the item actor and item struct object.
- Item assets thumbnails in the content browser and drop down windows now use their inventory image or the developer image as the thumbnail image.
- Added <span style="color:slateblue">**ItemType**</span> tag to items to simplify the item type logic for items.
- Shape is now baked into the data asset, greatly improving the performance of several functions that relied on the items shape.
- <span style="color:brown">**GetItemDescription**</span> will now replace any text that includes "< Tag value name >" with the value of that tag value. For example; "Current Durability: <IFP.Items.Stat.Durability>" will be changed to Current Durability: 20" if the tag value was 20. The apple, helmet and gun items uses this for an example. You can also style your floats with the new `Rich Text Wrapper` parameter. (Read code comment for more info)
- Items can now have sockets, just like a static mesh or a skeletal mesh. This is achieved through the socket manager object on the item asset and can be edited through the `ItemEditor` toolbox.

## Inventory
- When replicating containers to clients, server now clears the tile map when sending the RPC and has clients regenerate it when it reaches them, resulting in an average 20% smaller RPC sizes.
- A new <span style="color:slateblue">**ID_Map**</span> system has been added. This allows the system to find ANY container or item in constant time, meaning it takes the same amount of time to find a container or item in index 0 as it takes to find a container or item at index 1000. This also means that <span style="color:brown">**GetItemByUniqueID**</span> has been reworked and is virtually free and this has had a tremendous performance improvement for projects with hundreds of containers or items in one inventory component.
- A new <span style="color:slateblue">**IndexCoordinates**</span> system has been added, allowing the system to instantly convert a tile into an index. This wasn't expensive, but the system used this convertion so much, the small cost started to pile up.
- <span style="color:brown">**GetFirstAvailableTile**</span> is no longer blueprint overridable.
- The inventory component now has a custom icon.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetItemCount**</span> function.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetItemsByType**</span> function.
- Added <span style="color:brown">**GetItemsParentContainer**</span> function.
- Added a <span style="color:slateblue">**DoNotBind**</span> parameter to <span style="color:brown">**CreateAttachmentWidgetForItem**</span> so it's easier for people to do custom bindings.

## Interfaces
- The <span style="color:violet">**I_WidgetUpdates**</span> interface has been renamed to <span style="color:violet">**I_ExternalObjects**</span>. The `ExternalWidgets system has also been reworked to not be limited to just widgets.
- Many of the functions inside of <span style="color:violet">**I_WidgetUpdates**</span> have been reworked to expose more parameters and have better categories.

## Tools
- The `ItemEditor` tool has had a layout make-over.
- The `ItemInspector` tool has been disabled for runtime. Should only be used in the `ItemEditor` from now on.

## Preview Actor
- The collider actor has been removed. This actor was a overkill solution to a rare bug. This has also improved the garbage collector performance.
- Added a new option to skip the cloning process. If enabled, it'll just attach itself to the owner. This has almost doubled its performance.
- All actors spawned by the preview actor now get labeled as one with the new <span style="color:violet">**I_Inventory**</span> -> <span style="color:brown">**SetIsPreviewActor**</span> function. You can then use the <span style="color:violet">**I_Inventory**</span> -> <span style="color:brown">**IsPreviewActor**</span> to find out if that actor instance is a part of the preview actor system or not.
- Preview actor now supports leader poses. Documentation has been updated.

## Documentation
- `DA_CoreItem` has been updated.
- A new `Optimizations` page has been added.

## Bugs
- Default items declared in the item data asset containers would fail to spawn.
- Item struct in item data asset containers would say "No Item Available"
- Widget factories were using the wrong blueprint type.
- Crash if invalid data was passed into <span style="color:brown">**GetItemsTagValues**</span>
- Generated item icons would go into the wrong folder.
- Clicking on a specific spot on non-custom shaped items did not treat that spot as the anchor point.

### 2.8.1
- Disabled struct object creation on preview actor instances.

Bug fixes:
- Clients item data would not include the item struct object in some scenarios.
- Moving an item via double click could cause item duplication.
- Dropped items would not have their containers setup correctly, which would also cause those containers to get lost when picking up a dropped item.
- The stack variables inside the data asset would get hidden if max stack was set to 1.

---
## Color Sheet:
<span style="color:brown">**functions**</span> - <span style="color:slateblue">**variable**</span> - <span style="color:green">**category**</span> - <span style="color:violet">**class**</span>